Fix typos in Markdown files (#1197)
openscd/open-scd: public/md/Create-Sampled-Values-Control-Blocks.md

1. `MAC-Address`: The destination MAC address of the Sampled Value: `01-0C-CD-04-00-00` to `01-0C-CD-04-01-FF`
2. `APPID`: The APPID of the Sampled Value. This is recommended to be unique though out the complete project.
3. `VLAN-ID`: The virtual LAN ID the Sampled Value shall be limited to.

> 4. `VLAN-PRIORITY`: The priority of the Sampled Value message. Can be used to priorities time critical messages like trip signals over non time critical messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. `VLAN-PRIORITY`: The priority of the Sampled Value message. It can be used to prioritise time-critical messages like trip signals over non-time-critical messages.
```
